01-responsive-web-design/Responsive-Web-Design-Portfolio-Projects.md, before:

# Responsive Web Design Projects Overview

This Markdown file tracks all my progress through the FreeCodeCamp **Responsive Web Design** Certification.  
I’ve taken each core project and expanded it with my own creative sub-projects, turning the basic lessons into unique portfolio pieces. All of them are published in the following CodePen collection:


🔗 **CodePen Collection:** [FCC Projects - Responsive Web Design - Certificate 01](https://codepen.io/collection/OyNaGb)  

---

## 📁 Main Projects and Sub-Projects

### 1. 🧾 Survey Form  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Survey Form - What Kind of Metal Head Are You?](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/ByoZwao)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **1.1** Cat Photo App → *Soon to be “Jasper Photo App”* (CSS added so far)
    [Photo App](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/yyYMrMM)

- **1.2** Café App → *Mac's Wrap Shack* (Burrito bar menu)
    [Burrito Bar Menu](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/raOybGY)

- **1.3** Colored Markers → *Expanded into a full coloring set*
    [Marker Colouring Set](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVmymK)

- **1.4** Registration Form → *Cyberpunk-style Replicant Registration (Blade Runner)*
    [Replicant Registration Form](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/azvwyQq)

---

### 2. 🎨 Tribute Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Tribute Page - The Godfather of Skate Rodney Mullen](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/JoYWqdV)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **2.1** The Painting → *Mondrian-Inspired Grid with Imperfections* (evolved from Rothko idea)
    [The Mondrian Painting](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/pvjwYVY)

- **2.2** FlexBox Photo Gallery → *A Skateboarding Photo Gallery* (evolved from Pictures of Cats - I'm not a cat person.)
    [Skateboarding Photo Gallery](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/RNWZrBe)

- **2.3** Typography and expanded use of FlexBox → *I remade my CV in HTML and CSS* (evolved from a Nutrition Label)
    [My Current CV](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVvWwZ)

- **2.4** Accessibility & Themed Quiz Project → *Hunter’s Diagnostic Checklist* (evolved from FCC’s Accessibility Quiz)
    [Hunter’s Diagnostic Checklist](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVvWwZ)

---

### 3. 📚 Technical Documentation Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Technical Documentation Page – Yolked / Bear-Mode Docs](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVRjgM)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **3.1** CSS Pseudo Selectors Balance Sheet → *Weight Loss Guide* (evolved from FCC’s Balance Sheet)
    [Calories In vs Out](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/YPyEjwb)

- **3.2** Intermediate CSS - Painting → *Boba Fett / Mandalorian Helmet* (evolved from FCC’s Intermediate CSS - Cat Painting)
    [The Dented Helmet](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVQNQg)
   
- **3.3** Responsive Web Design - Chessboard → *Star Wars Holo-Chess (Dejarik Table)* (expanded from FCC’s Responsive Web Design - Piano)  
    [Dejarik Holo-Chess](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/VYvxzeq)

---

### 4. 🛍️ Product Landing Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- _(Not yet created)_

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **4.1** (To be created)  
- **4.2** (To be created)

---

### 5. 👤 Personal Portfolio Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- _(Not yet created)_

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **5.1** (To be created)  
- **5.2** (To be created)

---

## 🚀 What This Becomes

Once the course is finished, I’ll not only earn the **Responsive Web Design certificate**—I’ll also have a full CodePen portfolio of original, stylized versions of every major project and sub-project.

This collection is a demonstration of how I:
- Apply what I’ve learned
- Build creatively from simple structures
- Transform tutorials into something personal and impressive

---

## 📦 Future Plans

- Additional collections may follow (e.g., **Frontend Libraries**, **JavaScript Algorithms**), but I expect this one certificate + portfolio will be enough to stand out to any employer.

Commit message:

Made a Start to my Desert Scene
other bits of the environment will take a while to get right.

01-responsive-web-design/Responsive-Web-Design-Portfolio-Projects.md, after:

# Responsive Web Design Projects Overview

This Markdown file tracks all my progress through the FreeCodeCamp **Responsive Web Design** Certification.  
I’ve taken each core project and expanded it with my own creative sub-projects, turning the basic lessons into unique portfolio pieces. All of them are published in the following CodePen collection:


🔗 **CodePen Collection:** [FCC Projects - Responsive Web Design - Certificate 01](https://codepen.io/collection/OyNaGb)  

---

## 📁 Main Projects and Sub-Projects

### 1. 🧾 Survey Form  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Survey Form - What Kind of Metal Head Are You?](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/ByoZwao)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **1.1** Cat Photo App → *Soon to be “Jasper Photo App”* (CSS added so far)
    [Photo App](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/yyYMrMM)

- **1.2** Café App → *Mac's Wrap Shack* (Burrito bar menu)
    [Burrito Bar Menu](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/raOybGY)

- **1.3** Colored Markers → *Expanded into a full coloring set*
    [Marker Colouring Set](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVmymK)

- **1.4** Registration Form → *Cyberpunk-style Replicant Registration (Blade Runner)*
    [Replicant Registration Form](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/azvwyQq)

---

### 2. 🎨 Tribute Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Tribute Page - The Godfather of Skate Rodney Mullen](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/JoYWqdV)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **2.1** The Painting → *Mondrian-Inspired Grid with Imperfections* (evolved from Rothko idea)
    [The Mondrian Painting](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/pvjwYVY)

- **2.2** FlexBox Photo Gallery → *A Skateboarding Photo Gallery* (evolved from Pictures of Cats - I'm not a cat person.)
    [Skateboarding Photo Gallery](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/RNWZrBe)

- **2.3** Typography and expanded use of FlexBox → *I remade my CV in HTML and CSS* (evolved from a Nutrition Label)
    [My Current CV](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVvWwZ)

- **2.4** Accessibility & Themed Quiz Project → *Hunter’s Diagnostic Checklist* (evolved from FCC’s Accessibility Quiz)
    [Hunter’s Diagnostic Checklist](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVvWwZ)

---

### 3. 📚 Technical Documentation Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- [The Technical Documentation Page – Yolked / Bear-Mode Docs](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVRjgM)

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **3.1** CSS Pseudo Selectors Balance Sheet → *Weight Loss Guide* (evolved from FCC’s Balance Sheet)
    [Calories In vs Out](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/YPyEjwb)

- **3.2** Intermediate CSS - Painting → *Boba Fett / Mandalorian Helmet* (evolved from FCC’s Intermediate CSS - Cat Painting)
    [The Dented Helmet](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/EaVQNQg)
   
- **3.3** Responsive Web Design - Chessboard → *Star Wars Holo-Chess (Dejarik Table)* (expanded from FCC’s Responsive Web Design - Piano)  
    [Dejarik Holo-Chess](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/VYvxzeq)

---

### 4. 🛍️ Product Landing Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- _(Not yet created)_

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **4.1** Responsive Web Design – City Skyline → *Go With The Flow Desert Scene* (expanded from FCC’s Responsive Web Design – City Skyline) [Go With The Flow Desert Scene](https://codepen.io/Mike-MacDonagh/pen/KwdxVLM)

- **4.2** (To be created)

---

### 5. 👤 Personal Portfolio Page  
**Primary Project:**  
- _(Not yet created)_

**Sub-Projects:**  
- **5.1** (To be created)  
- **5.2** (To be created)

---

## 🚀 What This Becomes

Once the course is finished, I’ll not only earn the **Responsive Web Design certificate**—I’ll also have a full CodePen portfolio of original, stylized versions of every major project and sub-project.

This collection is a demonstration of how I:
- Apply what I’ve learned
- Build creatively from simple structures
- Transform tutorials into something personal and impressive

---

## 📦 Future Plans

- Additional collections may follow (e.g., **Frontend Libraries**, **JavaScript Algorithms**), but I expect this one certificate + portfolio will be enough to stand out to any employer.
